### Wifi logo is not found in ubuntu 20.04

# About dual-boot with Windows and "fast-boot" enabled
If you have a dual-boot machine with a recent version of Windows and start seeing problems during initialization of the WiFi device when booting Linux, the problem could be due to the “fast startup” feature on Windows.

With this feature enabled, Windows don't really shut down the entire system, but leaves things partially running so you can start the machine faster again. Try to disable this option, on Windows 10 it should be in “Control Panel→Hardware and Sound→Power Options→System Settings”. Select “Chooose what the power buttons do” to access the System Settings from the Power Options. Then disable the “Fast Startup” option in “Shutdown Settings”. This will cause Windows to fully shutdown and may solve the issue.




### update the nvidia driver

#### install the tool for configuring the NVIDIA graphics driver

    sudo apt-get install nvidia-settings
    
##### ❌nvidia-settings won't start: "Unable to find display on any available systems"
  Because of running Wayland, we logout on the login screen you should have a gear in corner that allows you to switch to X11 currently that is the only way to control nvidia GPU that I know of.
  
##### ❌nvidia-settings won't start: "Unable to find display on any available systems"

      sudo ubuntn-drivers devices
      sudo ubuntn-drivers autoinstall
      
      sudo prime-select nvidia # 切换nvidia显卡
      sudo prime-select intel  # 切换intel显卡
      sudo prime-select query  # 查看当前使用的显卡

for ref: https://blog.csdn.net/wf19930209/article/details/81877822



#### use autoinstall to upgrade the driver
        
        sudo ubuntn-drivers autoinstall
        
        #check if novueau is working
        lsmod | grep nouveau

for ref:https://blog.csdn.net/u012386311/article/details/103402428?spm=1001.2101.3001.6650.1&utm_medium=distribute.pc_relevant.none-task-blog-2%7Edefault%7ECTRLIST%7ERate-1-103402428-blog-82626538.pc_relevant_default&depth_1-utm_source=distribute.pc_relevant.none-task-blog-2%7Edefault%7ECTRLIST%7ERate-1-103402428-blog-82626538.pc_relevant_default&utm_relevant_index=1





### OpenCV setup in linux
    # Install minimal prerequisites (Ubuntu 18.04 as reference)
    sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y cmake g++ wget unzip  ## (-y: automatic yes to prompts)g++:complier, wget:download the source code
    
    # Download and unpack sources
    wget -O opencv.zip https://github.com/opencv/opencv/archive/4.x.zip
    
    # Create build directory
    mkdir -p build && cd build
    
    # Configure
    cmake  ../opencv-4.x
    
    # Build
    cmake --build .
    
    
## Cmake
    traditional method
    
        mkdir build && cd build
        cmake ..
        make
        make test
    
    modern build procedure
        
        mkdir -p build && cd build
        cmake --build build -t test    ## by passing the “test” target to the underlying build system. -t (--target before CMake 3.15) lets you select a target
    



### Add Chinese input to the linux system
    Check the following link out
    https://www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/en-us/000181184/how-to-add-chinese-pinyin-input-to-xps-9310-laptops-that-ship-with-ubuntu-20-04-in-english
